Add kibana upstream repo via variable switch (#8)
ATIX-AG/acd_playbook_for_elk: README.md

> es_use_repository is true) if you want to use a repo already present"

> `es_add_repository` set via `group_vars/all.yml` will also influence the existence of the Elasticsearch/Kibana repository on Kibana hosts. The default valulue inside the `kibana` role is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`es_add_repository` set via `group_vars/all.yml` will influence the existence of the Elasticsearch/Kibana repository on Kibana hosts. The default value inside the `kibana` role is `true`.
```

Author: `Also` was included since two sentences or so above we already talk about the variable `es_add_repository` and in what way it is relevant for the elasticsearch role

Reviewer: So `es_add_repository` can be influenced via two different places?

Author: setting wise you could actually set the variable in a lot more places than two - but that is default for Ansible.
The main point was only to mention here that the variable is used in two roles.
